well al bar and Al magazi refugee camps
also came under attack in central Gaza
the three camps are all crowded with
forcibly displaced Palestinians
including many of the more than a
million who fled the southern city of
Rafa where Israel started its ground
offensive there last
month okay uh let's speak to TK abosom
he joins us now from outside alaxa
Hospital in Deer albala so another night
another attack on a refugee camp tck
this time in nerat can you tell us what
happened yeah exactly what we do know is
that the Israeli uh fighter jets have
targeted a un run school which is a
completely an evacuation Center hundreds
of Palestinian families have been
seeking refuge in that place and the
vast majority of families who have been
uh living in that area had been multiply
displaced from many areas across the
trip ending up in that corner that was
targeted without any prior warning at
least 32 Palestinians have been reported
killed while another residential
building was targeted in the same
refugee camp were at least six others
are being killed with dozens of injuries
that arrived to Al AA hospital to work
we are right now uh the situation in
fact as we just arrived at the hospital
earlier today was absolutely devast
ating we saw how the funerals were
propelled in order to be later uh buried
by the their families and at the same
time those families have been speaking
to Al jazer saying that they are
completely shocked by the attack that
was carried out without any kind of pre
warning as they have been trying to
guarantee their own safety by uh trying
to take un schools as basic shelters for
them but they say that there is no any
place safe as the bombardment continues
uh hitting and bounding
civilian houses civil infrastructure
alongside with you run shelter centers
which gives a clear indication that
Israel is upscaling the military acts on
the ground as within the past couple of
hours also we could clearly hear the
sound of the artillery bombardment in
the Eastern areas of Dar bah and alage
refugee camp while the Israeli Army
saying that now they are carrying out a
very limited Military incursion in the
Eastern areas of ALB and dar bah as well
yeah as you say t there really is
nowhere safe uh because the Israeli
strikes have continued all over the
strip in other areas and parts of the
strip what else can you tell us about
that yes um in fact the military
campaign is still ongoing in the North
in the center and even in the southern
part of Gaza now starting from the north
of the strip where the Israel artillery
units have been bounding as they T
neighborhood causing a number of
casualties that were transferred to Al
Arab hospital to get medical treatment
there but at the same time now the
military is targeting also multiple
areas in the center of this strip
including Dar balah where the Israeli
helicopters have opened the fire against
Palestinians on Salah Road where one
Palestinian has been killed with two
others being wounded and they have been
fro to Al AA hospital to get medical
treatment and in the far south of Gaza
including kanun City the Israeli forces
have destroyed a residential building in
Al Manara neighborhood in kanun while
the military operation is still ongoing
in Rafa where they have been demolishing
complete residential neighborhood one
after the other as close contact
fighting between Hamas and Israeli
soldiers continues as well on the ground
there where the military now are station
inside Western areas of Rafa which is so
adjacent and close to Al maasi and they
are trying also to take full military
control over the Rafa District after
they managed to control Philadelphia
corridor as they as they are saying that
they are trying to dismantle Hamas
remaining battalions but the level of
Destruction is unprecedented in RAF
where no one is trying to uh trying even
to remain in Rafa after receiving
warnings by the Israeli military and now
the entire Gaza population are left
stranded in the Palestinian Street in
almasi area and even here in darel Bahan
in central areas that were also targeted
within the past couple of weeks which is
a complete reflection and indication
that Palestinians have lost safety okay
thank you for that t abom there for us
outside the alaxa hospital in Dara
Balor make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz